refactor(curriculum): updating step 22 of stats calculator project (#54312)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-advanced-array-methods-by-building-a-statistics-calculator/635090f47eb6d9563a6fed05.md

---
id: 635090f47eb6d9563a6fed05
title: Step 26
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-26
---

# --description--

Now it is time to apply what you have learned to the `getMedian` function.

> Inside your `getMedian` function, check if the length of `array` is even. If the length of `array` is even, find the middle two numbers, calculate the mean of those numbers and return the result. Otherwise, if the length of `array` is odd, find the middle number and return it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside your `getMedian` function, check if the length of `array` is even. If it is, find the middle two numbers, calculate their mean, and return the result. If the length of `array` is odd, return the middle number.
```

Make sure to work with the `sorted` array to find the middle numbers. 

> Also if you need help, refer back to the previous few steps to see how to find the median for an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, if you need help, refer back to the previous steps to see how to find the median for an array.
```

# --hints--

> Your `getMedian` function should return the result of the mean of the middle two numbers if the array length is even.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `getMedian` function should return the mean of the middle two numbers if the array length is even.
```
